laity
Lay man, I gave birth to you and raised you
It's not for you to be with this crap
Hello Yan Ting
I'm in the lounge now.
Can you come down and have coffee with me?
I'll wait for you, Auntie Xu.
How could you hit your own daughter?
Who are you to interfere with our family affairs?
I didn't just hit her, I hit you too
Auntie, please take care of yourself.
You are too embarrassed to say that
Sun Jianjian doesn't pee, take care of yourself
You are a dog plaster
Six years ago, you pestered our Su Ran
Are you still not dead?
Do you want to marry Su Ran?
Yes, unless you take out a tens of billions of betrothal gifts.
Otherwise, it won't be your turn in your next life.
How can you say that about him?
There is nothing between me and Sun Jian
Why are you so insulting?
Sorry.
I apologize to you for my mother.
It's okay, it's not your problem.
Aunt, I lost my ability 6 years ago
But now I'm different
Although I can't give a bride price of tens of billions
But I can guarantee it.
Let Su Ran have worry-free food and clothing for a lifetime
Hahahaha
You still have no worries about food and clothing?
I'm not you, where are you going?
Our Su Ran
You have to find a rich man like Mr. Ji
Poor guy like you
It's an eyesore to see
Ruin my family's good deeds